1) What is SDLC? SDLC Modes?

SDLC- Software Development Life Cycle

	This is the process which is used for devloping software in software industry.
	There is lot phases invovled in Software development process.which is Requirments analysis, design, impelementation,testing, maintanace.
	
	In software development process:
	
	- we first Analys the requirment from customers, 
	- then design the software with the help of customers input,
	- and then, Develop/ Implement the Software with the help of designing,
	- Then, we will do Testing of the complete software with the help of SRS.
	- Then we deploy the software in customer environment and maintain the softwares.


	There are lot of Model we follow in SDLC Process.
		
		1) Waterfall model
		2) Spiral Model
		3) Vmodel( VV model)

2) What is Waterfall model and advantages / Disadvantages of waterfall model?
	
	Water fall model:(Linear Model)
	-----------------

		- In this model we follow ever phases based on previous phase completitions
		- It is look like waterfall
		- Each and ever phase need Documents.
		
		
		Requirment Analysis
				
				Desinging

				      Implementation / Coding
					  
					  Testing

						Deployment
							
							maintance

	Advantages : 
	-------------

	1) Ever single phase depends on Previous phase only
	2) Initial cost is low
	3) Quality of product is good.
	4) Since requirment changes not allowed finding bugs is less.
	5) Suitable / prepared for Small projects.

	Disadvantages:
	---------------
	
	1) Requirments are not able to changing inbetween the process.
	2) if any bug or Defect in previous level it will follow entire software implementation phases.
	3) Testing will be done at only one time.
	4) Rework cost is more.
	
3) What is Spiral model and advantages / Disadvantages of Spiral model?

	Sprial model : (Iterative Model)
	-----------------
		- In this spiral model we  follow waterfall model in Every cycle.
		- To overcome waterfall model drawback we moved to spiral model.
		- In every cycle we release peace of software to customer.
		- Testing will be done for every cycle.
		- In this model sutiable for product base companies.


	Advantages:
	------------------
	1) In Every single cycle we follow all the Water fall model process.
	2) New requirments can be added after completing the cycle.
	3) Testing will be done for every cycles.before move to new cycle.
	4) Users also experiance the software in every cycle compeletions.
	
	Disadvantages:
	--------------
	1) Testing will be done only one time of this process
	2) Requirment changes are done only the cyle completion. not in middle of the cycle.
	3) In requirement and design phase there is no testing happen.


4) What is V model and advantages / Disadvantages of V model?

	V model:(VV Model / Verification and validation model)
	----------

		- It is also called as Verification and validation model.
		- To overcome waterfall and spiral model we move to v model.
		- In every phase, Testing will there in v model.

			Verification						Validation
		---------------------------				-----------------------
			
	BRS/CRS/URS( Bussiness requirment speics)			User Acceptance testing

													Blackbox testing
		SRS (Software requirment speics)			System tesing



			HLD ( High level desing)
									
									Integeration Testing

			LLD ( Low level desing)								Whitebox testing

					
				Coding					Unit testing
					

					
	Advantages:
	------------
		1) Every Phase have testing / Reviews/ Walkthorws / Insepctions.
		2) In this process we deliver quality of software to customer
	
	Disadvantages:	
	--------------
		1) Initial cost is very high
		2) Documentation is more

	
5) what is Prototype model?
		
		Prototype : 
		--------------
		Prototype means it is blueprint of the entire softare.
		In this model in every cycle we release peace of software to customer
		This model comes between waterfall and spiral model.


6) Differance between static and dynamic testing
	
	Static Testing						Dynamic Testing

    1) In this testing conducting on Document level	  This testing condcuting on Software level
	
    2) This type of testing mainly focus on quality	  This type of testing mainly focus on quality of
       of the Documents                                   the softwares

    3) In this testing conducting verification		  In this testing conduction validation
		Reviews / Walkthorws / Insepctions


7) Differance between Verification and Validation
	
		Verification						Validation

	1) Verify the Document level and design level process         validate the software and software outputs.

	2) Verification contains BRS / SRS / HLD / LLD / Coding	      Validation contains Unit / Integerations / system / UAT Testing
	
	3) In verification we have Reviews/walkthorws/insepction      In validation we have metting with clients.
	
	4) Check whether we building the product right		      It take place after verification completed.


	
	

8) Differance between Whitebox and Blackbox testing

		Whitbox testing						blackbox testing

	1) White box testing conducted by Developers			1) Blockbox testing conducted by Testers

	2) In White box testing we have Unit, Integerating testing	2) Blockbox testing we have system, UAT testing

	3) this testing conducted by code level				3) This testing coducted by design and output level.


