What is Defect life cycle?
 
Defect cycle is the process of maintain or follow the defects.
There are several stages of defect mention in software testing 
	1) new    - Starting / Initial stage of defect.
	2) Accept - Developer accept the Defect and move further
	3) Reject - Developer reject build based on the requirment spec.
	4) Duplicate - Developer will consider this is a duplicate defect based on bug fixing
	5) Assinged - This stage developement manager will assign accept defect to developer
	6) Open     - This stage is developer will work on the particular defect.
	7) Fixed    - This stage is developer will fix the bug and move further testing.
	8) Close    - This stage is tester will close the defect based on defect fixing and regression testing.

What is Test closure / When to stop the testing?
 
Test closure is the process of stop the testing.
In the test closure tester will gather the information about all the requirements are test with written test cases report.
and also defect clustering report for defect level. these are report submmited to the management about the test closure.

deliverables:
	Test closure report
	test metrics

Software testing metrics?

based on the data we will calculated the test metrics:

1) no of requirments
2) total number of the testcase
3) no of test case executed
4) no of test case not executed
5) no of test case passed
6) no of test case failed
7) no of test case blocked
8) total no of defect identified
9) critical defect report
10) high level defect report
11) low level defect report
12) customer defects
13) no of the defects found in UAT.


we will find out:
	1) % test case executed
	2) % test case not executed
	3) % test case passed
	4) % test case failed
	5) % test case blocked
	6) DRE ( FD/ FD+MD)*100.(defect removal effeciency)
	7) Defect leakage ( UAT defect / testing defect)*100
	
	
QA/Testing activities?

	1) Understandes the requirements
	2) Identifies the requireds scenarios
	3) Test case design 
	4) setup environment
	5) Test execution
	6) log test results
	7) defect reporting and tracking
	8) perform various level of testing in application
	9) team meeting
	10)create automation test

Priniples of software testing?

	1) Star the software test in early stage
	2) test the software in order to find the defects
	3) highly impossible to give the bug free product to customer
	4) should not do exhaustive testing ( same type of data used for testing)
	5) Decide what type of testing need to conduct for application
	6) if same set of test case executing logner means we didn't get defect. need to upgrade the test cases.
	7 follow defect clustering.












