Software Testing Techniques :
--------------------------------

1) What is Regression Testing?Type of Regression testing?

Regression testing:
-----------------------
	Whenever develeoper release new build the tester test and report the bug to developer. based on the bug fix the developer
	resend new build to testing. while testing new build we need to check wheather existing functionality are not affected 
	during the bug fix. 

	To check wheather existing functionality are stable or not during any changes in software. this type of testing called
	Rrgressing testing.

	Types:
		1) Unit regression testing

		2) Regional regression testing

		3) Full regression testing


	1) Unit regression testing:
	-----------------------------
		Check wheather the particular unit of application bug fix only.we no need to check all functionalities here.

	2) Regional regression testing:
	--------------------------------
		Check the particular region of functionalities and wheather the functionalities bug fixes are not.and check other depended 
		functions are working correct or not.

	3) Full regression testing:
	-------------------------------
		We need to check wheather full functionality of the application and depended module working correctly are not and also we do testing
		to found bug in full level software.

2) What is Re-Testing?

	Re-testing:
	-------------
		Re testing is the process of testing again and again the same functionalities. while reporting bugs to developer. developer fix the
		Bugs correctly or not we need to found out that. based on the particular module.

3) Difference between Somke and Sanity testing?

	Smoke testing						Sanity testing
	--------------						----------------
	
1) In this testing conducted initial level build		In this testing conducted stable build

2) this testing done by tester and developer also		this testing only conducted by tester.

3) Check wheather initial build installation, nevigation	Checking basic functonality of the appilication in initial level.

4) It is under basic testing					It is under regresstion testing


4) What is Exploratory testing?

	To explore the functionality of the application with the help of previous experiance.
	Identify the bug and report the bug with the help exploring the application without documentation.
	This testing done in random level.
	Drawbacks of this testing is We might consider bug as future and future as bug.
	It takes time consuming also.

5) What is Adhoc testing?

	- In this testing we do random manner.It is informal testing
	- Randomly test the software and found bug and report to developers.
	-unplaned testing

6) What is Monkey testing?

	- This type of testing is mostly used in game application
	- this is also test in random manner
	- here and there check and report the bug for the developers.

7) What is positive and negative testing?
	- Positive testing : Giving positive input and found the system stability and output of the test.
	- Negative testing : Giving negative input and found the system stability and output of the test.

8) what is globalizationa and localization testing?

	Globalization:
			Check wheather the created software support globally. with global standards.

	Localization:
			Check wheather the created software support locally. with support locoal language support etc.

9) What is End-to-End testing?

	End-to-End testing : This type of testing is used to check full functionality of the software from top to bottom
			     based on the full testing we need to report the bug report to developer for more stablization of software.
