Test data Design:
------------------

What is Test plan and what it is contains?
	
Test plan : 
------------
	The test plan describe the scope of the test.
	It contains what to test and how to test and when to test.
	the test plan contains Scope of test, roles and resp, test envirnoment, test excutions,etc,.

what is usecase / testcase / test scenarios?
 
Use case:
------------
	It describe the requirments / functionalities.
	It seems like data flow chart. for clearly explain the requirements.

Test case:
------------
	Test the software with step by step execution.
	It describe how to test the software
	
Test scenarios:
----------------
	Test Scenarios describe What to test in the applications.
	Test scenarios contain more test cases.

what is test suite?

Test suite:
-------------
	More and same categerios of test cases are grouped it is called as test suite.
	Like sanity test related test cases are group , regresstion test related test case group

what is test case what it is contains?

Test case : 
------------
	It describe step by step test the application
	It tells about how to test application
	It contains test case id, test case description, pre-conditions, excepted result, acutual result,sevority, piriority

what is RTM?

	RTM - Requirements Traceability Matrix
	----------------------------------------

It is help to found all the functionality are convered under test or not

	It contains  Req_id, Req_description,test case_id,Status of Test cases.

Tell about test Environment?
	Test Envionment:
	-----------------
		It is the replica of customer/ production environment.
		tester will test their envirnoment.
		It describe what are the component are need to test the software like hardware, software etc.

Tell about test execution?
	Test Execution:
	----------------
		It is the process of executing all the apporved test cases.
		In this execution tester will found the test case status whether it is passed or failed.
		If incase any test found defect/ bug means tester will report it to developers
		
What is Defect / Bugs?
	Defect / Bugs:
	-----------------
		It is process of describe what is excepted result and what is actual result.
		The defect and bug are identified by tester. while test execution

what is Defect Reporting contains?
	Defect Reports:
	-----------------
		It is the reports for contains the defect details. 
		It is contains def_id, Def_description, Def_status,seviority,Priority of the defect.

Categories of Defect?

	Defect are categories like four different ways:
	
		High severity and High piriority - After click login button getting new blank page
		High severity and low piriority  - After click about us page getting new blank page
		Low severity and high piriority  - While enter the Home page found spelling mistake in Home page text.
 		Low severity and low piriority	 - While enter the about us page found spelling mistake in about us text.

What is Defect Resolutions and types?
		
	Defect Resolutions:
	--------------------
		It is the process of the developer arrange the meeting with testing team how the bug or defect going to arrested.
		Get clear knowledage about the defects.
		While giving the resolutions of the defects there are different type statements used.
		accept, Reject,duplicate,need more information,enhachments,closed.
		Based on the developer status the bug is processed.
		After sloved all the bug status only the product is ready to lanuch in customer environment.




