Tell about your self:

My self Anand.i am from thiruvannamalai. i have completed my bacholre degree in trichy.
About my carrer almost 4 plus year of experiance in Manual,Api,backend testin. As tester primarly
Analysis requirments,creating testcases,excuting test,finding the defect and reporting the defect.
after from i used jirra tool.

Any defect found in application that was very speical would you like to share something?

I am in banking domain. joint applicant,minior applicant. the joint applicant age creteria is
lower than 18. i found the defect regarding that.he can take minior account . this is critical
defect i found in my career

What is the difference between REST / SOAP API?

SOAP:
    it will support XML format
    transfer data using XML format
    Simple object transfer protocal
    Generic protocal methods used in SOAP
    SOAP is Custom desktop application
    cacth is not support
REST:
   it will support XML,TXT,JSON
   we can use HTTP,HTTPs protocols.
   We have different type of HTTP is GET,POST,PUT,DELETE.
   REST is faster than SOAP
   It is design for network base architecture
   catch is support.

Whenever client told you to test so on so API.what are all the thinks you do?
  Whenever dev or client give end point
  we need to provide request to REST API
  Is there any Qurey or path parameter is there. if there means we mention it in on URL
  path parameter mention using / symbol
  Qurey parameter mention like ? symbol

 like, find whether of punecity whether is my path parameter and city= pune is my value 
mention in question mark then hit enter
	suppose it is json means we recevie 200 ok response.

	- parameters
	- data acuracy
	- Error codes
	- Authorization
	- Non functional testing
	- If need functional testing

What are the main challanges you faced in API testing?

Most of the time we get service realted error
correct url error
bad request 

we need to analys that all the data are given correct or not.

some time requirment understand worngly.

	- triggering parameter is problem
	- Put the requests and API are in sequence manner.

What is the difference between top-down and bottom-up apporach?

Top-down:

	In business login upper model is working fine and lower model perform not work

bottom-up:
	
	bottom model is wokring 

	which is easier: Top-down is difficult to implement.
			 so, we need to go with bottom-up apporach.


Which testcases are written first?

	will you go for blackbox testing first, or using white box testing.

First checking with unit test for my code is working correctly or not. then, we will go with white
box testing


	general the company the dev do the testing. what we do with we need to get quality 
level of the unit test . if it is coverage near to 70 to 80 percent we will go with white box testing
or else we need to go with blcak box test case.

What is Work bench?

	It is related to some kind of documentation. 
	It is nothing but how the testing activite performed these are all mention all the 
activites . so, that other can easily understand about the testing process.

What is random testing?
	
	Random testing is also called as monkey testing/ gorila testing.
	we randomly test the application with positive and negative test input.

What is difference between error seeding and error guessing?

	Error seeding:
			Knowing the defect of the application we insert new defect may be
	we found out more defect.
	
	Error guessing:
			based on the experiance of testing we will find out the defect.

Conflict in team how will you slove the issue?

	first up all we need to figure out what kind of issue they face. if it is personal or 
work related issue means.
		we need to arrange some section for cleared the doubt and some KT session arragement.

How will you upgrade your self?
	
	I have most of the social networking link like, Linkedin,youtubes vedios.
	and alos i have more senior person contact to grow in my career.

	Using some websites like w3shools, tutorles etc,.linked in other person posts.

What is the difference between load and stree testing?

	These both are Performance testing:

		Load testing:

			suppose my application is desing for 100 user we need to test with <100 and >100.

		Stress testing:

			It will test application with more than the defined user like 150, 200




	





















